Collection framework:
              Collection- It is an object that represents a group of objects(i.e)collection of object.
              Framework - It gives many interfaces and classes,we can make use of it and its methods.
                          Uses of framework results in programming efficiency and good performance.
              Collection framework- unified architecture which represents and manipulates collection.
                                    It provides interfaces that define various collection and classes that implement them.
                                    It has number of interfaces , classes and algorithms.
Advantage of using collection framework:
              Reduces programming effort-it provides some methods,algorithms and classes
              Increases performance- we can use a class or interface for specified works
              Faster software reuse
Hierarchy:
         iterable is the super interface for all the classes and interfaces.
         java.util package contains all the classes and interfaces for collection framework.
         It is a base or root for all collection classes.Collection interface extends iterable interface.
         Collection interface has many interfaces and classes . the main interfaces are list,set,queue.
         List has: arraylist, linked list,vector and stack
         set has: sortedset,tree set,hash set,linked hash set
         queue has: priority queue,deque,array deque.
Methods:
        It has many methods which perform some operation like adding element,removing,retaining, replacing,
        checking whether it is empty or not,iterator,cleaning, finding size ,compares element in collection,hashcode,etc...
Iterator interface:
            It gives iteration in forward direction only
            It has some method:hasNext()- returns true if iterator has more elements else it will print false.
                               objectNext()- returns the element and moves cursor to next element.
                               remove()- removes the last element in the iterator.
Collection interface:
            This interface is implemented by all the classes in collection framework.It builds the foundation on which collection
            framework depends.
