List interface:
              This interface is the one of the child interface of collection interface.
              This inhibits the list type data structure
              Insertion order is maintained ,we can store objects in ordered manner.
              There will be any duplicate object available (duplication allowed).
              It has: Arraylist,linked list,vector and stack . stack is a subclass of vector.
Arraylist:
         It implements list interface, allocates dynamic memory to store duplicate elements,maintains insertion order,
         non-synchronized, it can use methods in list interface,allows random access, primitive data types are not used in this
         we can use wrapper class instead of data types because it will work only by object.
Difference between array and arraylist:
         Array: limited size, we can't change the length once it is declared. Array can store objects as well as data types.
         ArrayList: no limited size, we can change the length ,can add or remove elements at any time. It stores on;y object.
List and Arraylist:
         List stores elements in a sequence and identified by the individual index number.
         ArrayList stores the elements in a dynamic array, it can grow when required.
Constructors in arraylist:
         ArrayList()- creates empty arraylist.
         ArrayLis(collection<?extends E>c) - Arraylist with initialized elements of collection c is created.
         ArrayList(int capacity) - Arraylist with specified capacity.
Methods:
       Like collections it also has many methods to perform some specific tasks.
Generic and non-generic:
       Non-generic:It is available before 1.5 JDK version,it can store any type of objects in the collection.
       Generic:After 1.5 JDK version , only one type objects should be used.
               It helps in type safe and there is no need of type casting and helps compile time checking.
Iterating ways in Arraylist:
         iterator,for each loop,for loop,List iterator,for each() method,for each remaining() method.
         we can perform sorting, and we can use get set method to change the element in Arraylist.
